here we are at the aviary it's where
bequite spawns wait
we wanted to go to the zoo but we do
shorter fuck off we wanted to go to the
zoo
but unfortunately my whole family are
barred from the zoo since my uncle
Sylvester had the top of his penis
bitten off by a komodo dragon in 1986
watch these ones Rusty's ones he's
wearing Flair's John Travolta Olivia
Newton Hannah's there as well he's a
powerless part I've ever seen and I've
seen a very very proud Turkey in carful
t ja mmm oh look there's the monkey look
well is he worthy yeah what much here I
pretend him just say hello to Bach there
go on we've Machir most of our genes
Lake Alice will heal with aid after cops
would a do this he'll get an edge grace
not about us thank you if you'd go slows
in the host well Jay showed the goes
with that know if he went past the game
there'll be the last resort it's like a
dinosaur there's an angel ass attack
like July number the Raptors if you're
with your mind box the head up here you
have to take an a non-threatening shit
now that was too good for him though
he'll go you made yourself appear like a
higher primate plus the most delicious
bald in your air breeze a turkey turkey
you'll have a talking I do can we say
you know he's in the freezer
did you know if you put a triple-a
battery into a dog's arse it goes faster
Charlotte lines me off no OTT all the
metaphor to describe it te aute there
it's like the final closing day as a
world war ii the smile on the inside is
is West Berlin and that's one
alternative East Berlin and they're
being enclosed by the Americans and the
Russians and they all want to come in to
get a path of Hitler skull 11 is nothing
but a fat bastard craw
the thing about them right it's pure
Losey it's tantalizing it's like they
make a Tantalus Lake because all he
wants is to go up into the sky well you
would where would you want to go into a
code or something I know for what Y
denotes codes look like they'd be pure
testing those is just elevated West we
have a net here on our I'm a baby
velociraptor no I don't want to let him
talk close to my dad's I'm writing my
doors pectin ores off me you may have
seen these under eyes
back window entry they love using one
foot they save a fortune on shoes I've
got a friend to show hock and he's
talking to his time not talking Avedis
talking to how are you getting this
give me your money and prick what really
ammonia prick i fucked your mother you
punk
alright relax how y'all getting on what
have you got to say like on to
nightclubs
but I'm a sent him who did you miss
anything you should have heard the stuff
he was saying go on talk to him talk to
him it was that for that that's a
Tasmanian tell you go look at how long
his prick is that's not his prick I
never thought I'd live to see one these
are wild lon as a cocaine squads he's
spending so fast that he goes back in
time he's like he's got a Carol Cox
counsel to me is at the old think that
if a pilot was in court race if the
powder told a lot of lies in his behalf
who'd be guilty of perjury the Palitana
pirates and if was the paddock would it
be called perjury a parent would take
death before he dried all the play-doh
tell you that know for a fact
she'll Bluebeard rented a lot of videos
and didn't bring him back for eight
years and a pair of kept stone they
stick together like part of a federal
that was the air theory and it turns out
it was a VLT nice place come on now come
on